UI builder (#223)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/ui-builder/search.md

![Search Tab](https://imgur.com/yJPp5sj.png)

In the `Search` tab, you can configure the preferences and search settings. Here the preferences are related to suggestions and enabling of voice search and the search settings are regarding the fields to search on, field weights to apply, typo tolerance and synonyms settings. You can read more about the available options over [here](/docs/search/relevancy/#search-settings).

![Filters](https://imgur.com/5AxRfYG.png)

In the `Filters` tab, you can set the filters that should appear as facets in the storefront search.

![Adding a custom filter](https://imgur.com/UXwKxmh.png)

You can also add custom filters in this view. Click on the **Add Filter** button. In the **Data Field** dropdown, select one of the fields from your index. Give it a title and save. The filter options will be populated by data present in the attributes.

![Results Tab](https://imgur.com/39icKEZ.png)

The `Results` tab gives you control over the search UI for your store. It supports the following options:

- Enable or Disable **Popular Suggestions** along with the search dropdown,
- Show **Active Filters** on top of the search results page,

> - **Show Results as** is used to show the results either in grid or list view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Show Results as** allows choosing whether to show the results in grid or list view,
```

> - Toggle **Results View Switcher** to see different views in the search interface,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable **Results View Switcher** to allow end users to pick between grid and list view in the search UI,
```
